1) As a user, I want to create a profile for each of my pets , providing details such as their name, breed, age.

2) As a user, I want to contact the avalable persons who are responsible for the system and its problems.

3)As a user, I want to see the the avalable services regarding to my dogs health.

4) As a user, I want to see avalable products that dogs need like accoseries.

5) As a user, I want to channel  a doctor for my pet when it got some medical conditions.

6) As a user, I want to see avalable doctors near my location.

7) As a user, I want to see avalable doctors and the time avalable for them.

8) As a user, I want to see avalable products that dogs need like accoseries.

9) As a user, I want to channel a doctor through the system.

10) As a user, I want to see the doctor and how many channels have be reserved at that time.

11)As a user, I want to see the doctors details that im going to channel.

12) As a user, I want to see  a detailed recipt about the channel.

13) As a user, I want to check out the channeling process.

14) As a user, I want to see the my registered dogs and there details.

15) As a user, I want to see my dogs vaccinations process .

16)As a user, I want to see my dogs vaccinations history and not vaccinated ones.

17)As a user, I want to see my dogs next vaccinations.

18)As a user, I want to see the avalable catogaries of products.

19)As a user, I want to add my desired products to cart.

20)As a user, I want to buy things in my cart at ones.multiple products at ones.

21)As a user, I want to remove items from the cart.

22)As a veterinarian ,I want to see the clients pets and there information on the system.

23)As a veterinarian ,I want to serch dogs by there ID.

24)As a veterinarian ,I want to see the details of history of vaccinations of dogs.

25)As a veterinarian ,I want to update the vaccinations when vaccinate the dog.

26)As a veterinarian ,I want to update the date of the vaccination of the dog.

27)As a system Administrator, I want to update and manage the doctors avalable to channel in the system.

28)As a system Administrator, I want to update the avalable vaccinations for the dogs.

29)As a system Administrator, I want to add and remove avalable items in the store .

30)As a system Administrator, I want to recieve the user massages and reply to there problems.




